[All Hosts] (troubleshooting) resid errors (#2394)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/testing/troubleshoot-development-errors.md

- The value of the [ID](../reference/manifest/id.md) element in the manifest has been changed directly in the deployed copy. If for any reason, you want to change this ID, first remove the add-in from the Office host, then replace the original manifest with the changed manifest. You many need to clear the Office cache to remove all traces of the original. See the section [Changes to add-in commands including ribbon buttons and menu items do not take effect](#changes-to-add-in-commands-including-ribbon-buttons-and-menu-items-do-not-take-effect) earlier in this article.
- The add-in's manifest has a `resid` that is not defined anywhere in the [Resources](../reference/manifest/resources.md) section of the manifest, or there is a mismatch in the spelling of the `resid` between where it is used and where it is defined in the `<Resources>` section.
- There is a `resid` attribute somewhere in the manifest with more than 32 characters. A `resid` attribute, and the `id` attribute of the corresponding resource in the `<Resources>` section, cannot be more than 32 characters.

> - The add-in has a custom Add-in Command but you are trying to run it on a platform that does not support them. For more information, see [Add-in commands requirement sets](../reference/requirement-sets/add-in-commands-requirement-sets.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The add-in has a custom Add-in Command but you are trying to run it on a platform that doesn't support them. For more information, see [Add-in commands requirement sets](../reference/requirement-sets/add-in-commands-requirement-sets.md).
```
